laugh
What if you were a gold producer?
The Gu family is the capital of Yuncheng
You have no power and no background, which will only drag down Shen Yanzhen
Heaven you came
What are you doing here?
Song Pingtian, what are you doing again?
You can do whatever my mother wants
Don't get in my way
I'll find you when I have time.
If it weren't for the fact that you like the new and hate the old
Why should I bother to seduce Ye Haochen?
That trash
Song Chennian, you are quite good at giving birth
Can't explain
shut up
It's all because of men. How clean is it?
Song Tiantian, I advise you to speak wisely
Shen Yanzhen, you are presumptuous
If the dawn lasts, cooperate with me
If it happened tonight
By some limited media
Add oil and vinegar and spread it out
Do you think you, the gold producer
How much is it worth?
Even if I don't have the status of a gold producer
I'm a crime you can't afford
I'm dying of laughter.
Gu Jinxi, I'm afraid you haven't woken up yet, right?
Hahaha
Chenxi, you understand, don't give me face
Don't get excited, Chenxi
You can't let go of your crazy strength
He can kill us all with just one word.
Ku Jinxi, are you crazy?
You even dare to throw away the things given by a fish?
Dawn
Do you know how much these things you dropped are worth?
You didn't lose money.
If you can't afford it, take your people to get the certificate.
Man, arrest me, who dares?
Boss Yu, what happened today happened to the Shen family.
Broke something
I will accompany Shenyang, how dare you?
Don't worry, no Shen family.
I'll do it myself